Add protocol changes to change delegation + automate (#24)
helium/helium-release-proposals: releases/20250513-core-devs.md

## Roadmap Features

1. IoT Metrics Service

> 2. Add Change Delegation to Helium Sub Daos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add Change Delegation to Helium Sub Daos Program
```

> 3. Add Burn endpoint to Circuit Breakers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add Burn endpoint to Circuit Breakers Program
```

---

> ### (2) Add Change Delegation to Helium Sub Daos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (2) Add Change Delegation to Helium Sub Daos Program
```

> Add change delegation to Helium Sub Daos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add change delegation to the Helium Sub Daos on-chain program.
```

#### Motivation

In order to change delegation currently, a staker must (1) claim all outstanding rewards, (2) undelegate (forfeiting the days rewards), (3) delegate to the new subnetwork. This is a UX pain point, and can be solved by a change delegation endpoint.

#### Implementation

> The new endpoint internally undelegates then redelegated while preserving rewards state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new endpoint is an atomic delegation change while preserving rewards state.
```

#### Alternatives Considered

None

#### Impact

> * The core team does not expect any impact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The core team does not expect any impact to the community. This should be a UX improvement that promotes more flexibility.
```

#### Drawbacks

* None

---

> ### (3) Add Burn endpoint to Circuit Breakers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (3) Add Burn endpoint to Circuit Breakers Program
```

Add a burn endpoint to the Circuit Breakers.

#### Motivation

> In order to automate delegation rewards claims, the Helium Sub Daos smart contract needs a way to burn HNT for positions that have not voted. The current mechanism of burning requires the position holder to sign after the rewards have been transferred. This change will
> allow the contract to burn the HNT instead of transferring it, saving CUs and allowing tuktuk automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to automate delegation rewards claims, the Helium Sub Daos on-chain program needs a way to burn HNT for positions that have not voted (as defined in HIP-141) . The current mechanism of burning requires the position holder to sign after the rewards have been transferred. This change will allow the contract to burn the HNT instead of transferring it, saving compute units and allowing automation through systems like tuktuk.
```

#### Implementation

> The new endpoint will be added to the Circuit Breaker contract, and the implementation of the burn will be changed in the Helium Sub Daos contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new endpoint will be added to the Circuit Breaker program, and the implementation of the burn will be changed in the Helium Sub Daos program.
```

#### Alternatives Considered

None

#### Impact

> * The core team does not expect any impact. Functionally, the operations are equivalent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The core team does not expect any impact to end users. Functionally, the operations are equivalent.
```
